= Blueprintr

A gem wrapper to ease the use of the Blueprint CSS framework (http://www.blueprintcss.org)

== Installation

* sugo gem install blueprintr

== Usage

The Blueprintr gem gives a 'blueprintr' command that passes arguments to the compressor.rb (http://jdclayton.com/blueprints_compress_a_walkthrough.html) from the Blueprint project. All of the options one can pass to compressor.rb may be passed to blueprintr.

  -f=SETTINGS_FILE                 Specify a non-default settings file path.
      --settings_file
  -o, --output_path=OUTPUT_PATH    Define a different path to output generated CSS files to. Default is current working directory.
  -n, --namespace=BP_NAMESPACE     Define a namespace prepended to all Blueprint classes (e.g. .your-ns-span-24)
  -p, --project=PROJECT_NAME       If using the settings.yml file, PROJECT_NAME is the project name you want to export
      --column_width=COLUMN_WIDTH  Set a new column width (in pixels) for the output grid
      --gutter_width=GUTTER_WIDTH  Set a new gutter width (in pixels) for the output grid
      --column_count=COLUMN_COUNT  Set a new column count for the output grid
  -h, --help                       Show this help message.
  
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 cbrumelle. See LICENSE for details.
